p8105\_hw2\_do2381
================
Daniel Ojerant

## Problem 1

This dataset contains information from Mr.Trashwheel trash collector in
Baltimore, Maryland. As trash enters the inner harbor, the trashwheel
collects the trash, and stores it in a dumpster. The dataset contains
information on year, month, and trash collected, include some specific
kinds of trash. There are a total of 344 rows in our final dataset.

## Problem 2

This data set is 1868 x 19 with variables including the line, station
name, station latitude, station longitude, the 11 routes, the entrance
type, the entry, vending, and ADA approval. I cleaned the dataset by
only importing those following variables while also recoding the entry
variable from character to logical.This data set is 1868 x 19. This data
isnâ€™t tidy because all the route variables can be represented as one
single variable.

There is a total number of 465 distinct stations.

Of the 465 distinct stations, 84 are ADA complaint.

There are 60 distinct stations that serve on the A line which 17 are ADA
complaint.

The proportion of station of entrances / exits that does not have
vending is 759 / 2013

## Problem 3

The pols dataset has 822 rows and 9 columns. This dataset includes
variables like the month, year and number of national politicians who
are democratic or republican at every given year. The years range from
1947-2015.

The s\&p data has 787 rows and 3 columns. This dataset includes the
variables year, month, and close. The years in this dataset range from
1950-2015.

The unemployment dataset has 816 rows and 3 columns. This dataset
includes the variables year, month, and percent. The years in this
dataset range from 1948-2015.

The final merged datset has 822 rows and 11 columns. This dataset
contains the data from all 3 datasets. ranging from 1947-2015.
